Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Hello.
Ryan Morrow: Hello. How are you, Jessica.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Good, how are you
Ryan Morrow: I'm good, thank you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Hear me
Ryan Morrow: Yes, ma'am.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Ryan Morrow: I'm pretty good under the circumstances.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Change.
Ryan Morrow: Well, I got laid off from work, so
Ryan Morrow: I'm just been kind of hanging out, not doing much trying to find things to stay busy.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And I'm refresh my memory. I believe you had relocated night or you drive several miles. Why this job right.
Ryan Morrow: Yeah, I live in Lubbock, Texas.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So what would you like to discuss
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In our session today.
Ryan Morrow: Um,
Ryan Morrow: I don't know, I guess, like my future like what I'm, what I'm going to do.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: More about that. What does that say
Ryan Morrow: Just like what
Ryan Morrow: I'm going to do with my career from here.
Ryan Morrow: And
Ryan Morrow: If I'm going to stay in love or they'll somewhere else. I don't know.
Ryan Morrow: Everything's up in the air right now I don't know much
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so I want for a lot for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What was the discussion.
Ryan Morrow: For low as in
Ryan Morrow: What do you mean by fellow
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh, okay. I'm wasn't sure that a question or you were about to tell me something when you're familiar with a job. It's just an extended hiatus until they call you and let you know hey
Ryan Morrow: Yeah yeah
Ryan Morrow: Pretty much. I honestly I don't think because the oil prices. I don't think they're going to open the shop back up.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Try to find something else you're not thinking or this opportunity.
Ryan Morrow: Yeah, pretty much.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Looked into anything, um,
Ryan Morrow: Well, no, you really can't right now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, I'm in Florida. So it looks a little different. So I'm trying to get a little more information about what's going on because I know, Florida, there's still some
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Some job opportunities there are some like grocery stores. That's hiring like the delivery and different things like that. I'm not sure what it's like for you and where you're at.
Ryan Morrow: Yeah, there's, there's not much going on here.
Ryan Morrow: So I don't know. I'll figure it out. I always do.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To go back to Mexico. What would that process look like for you or you haven't
Ryan Morrow: No, I, I'd rather not.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: rather not do, let
Ryan Morrow: Go back to New Mexico.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So, thoughts, feelings, and behaviors, because there's like some detachment. I'm trying to figure out what's going on, but
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm not asking the right question to select either much context. So tell me, what are you thinking right now. What are you feeling and how have those thoughts, feelings aligned with your behaviors as
Ryan Morrow: Me. I don't know. I'm, I'm kind of worried and kind of stressed. I don't know what what's gonna happen. I don't know what I'm going to view.
Ryan Morrow: I don't know where I'm going to go, I don't, I don't know where I'm gonna learn
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Where he currently right now.
Ryan Morrow: With a friend of mine.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's the status on that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, I mean, you
Ryan Morrow: Know it's
Ryan Morrow: It's a, it's a, it's a, it's a temporary, but it's it's not like anything where they're like pushing me out or anything.
Ryan Morrow: I have money.
Ryan Morrow: To get a place
Ryan Morrow: I'm just waiting to figure out about my unemployment and stuff.
Yeah.
Ryan Morrow: I'm waiting to get my stimulus check. I'm just waiting for a lot of things.
Ryan Morrow: So right now.
Ryan Morrow: Everything is just up in the air right now. And that's all I can say.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Only one in this predicament. But I'm at this point having company doesn't make it any more.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Assuring so I understand. I just want to be able to see what we could process in this session to kind of give you some tools that when these worries or frustrations. It is. It's how you could manage. What can you do in the interim, I'm
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Still work gets back to normal.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, I can't even go the gym right now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So have anything to do from home, like, um,
Ryan Morrow: Yeah, watch movies.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What about some of YouTube workout exercises enjoying those every now and then.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What are your thoughts on those virtual workouts.
Ryan Morrow: Yeah, I'm not really big into those
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You don't have any weights at home.
Ryan Morrow: Nah, I think I found a friend that has a gym in his garage that I'm going to start going to work out in
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Have some resources really basic needs are being met him it or not you have shelter half full.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In these situations where she
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Was in limbo everyone's waiting
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Says, what's the silver lining. And that was actually working well in situations. So
Ryan Morrow: Yeah, I mean, thank thanks to be a lot worse.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, good work with that. How about
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Relationships your sobriety, how's that going for you.
Ryan Morrow: It's going good.
Ryan Morrow: Um, I talked to my mom and my family quite a bit.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How are they doing
Ryan Morrow: They're doing good.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How confident are you
Ryan Morrow: I'm good.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Go to the doctor or Howard up on
Ryan Morrow: Hepatitis yeah my doctor appointment is on the 21st. And then I have one actually tomorrow morning today.
Ryan Morrow: The one tomorrow is for
Ryan Morrow: A checkup.
Ryan Morrow: And a to establish a primary care practitioner.
Ryan Morrow: And the one on the 21st is for my hepatitis.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And group. How is that for you.
Ryan Morrow: That's fine.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Therapists in your group.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Tommy
Ryan Morrow: Tommy can then the doctor is
Ryan Morrow: What's his name.
Ryan Morrow: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: session today.
Ryan Morrow: Dr. Elements making me do a therapy.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Session discussion with
Ryan Morrow: Nothing really. He just told me he feels like
Ryan Morrow: I need to be doing therapy for whatever reason he didn't really tell me why.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: He made fire as to why
No.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So we met initially to do your bio psychosocial chat was March status and you saying that there was some relapses in the past and you just want it to get like structured again.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And I'm just, I'm wondering what Dr element has seen, or what the discussions have been with you all for you to present today and in session, the therapy only works, unless barris conversation going back and forth. So tell me what you would want to discuss
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So that we can make this an Eastern Time.
Ryan Morrow: I mean honestly like whenever we're in our groups.
Ryan Morrow: We don't really do much talking
Ryan Morrow: We just do a lot of listening.
Ryan Morrow: And
Ryan Morrow: I mean, I don't, I don't know what else I don't really know what else to talk about.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So in the last group session. What from what you heard what was useful for you.
Ryan Morrow: What was, what
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Useful for you to skills that you learned in group or in skills that you would want to to learn to help cope with some of the worry
Ryan Morrow: Now, I mean, life is life. And there's always going to be worries and
Ryan Morrow: You just deal with it.
Ryan Morrow: I mean having a structured environment is
Ryan Morrow: Is what keeps me going as far as like having a job and
Ryan Morrow: Going to the gym and stuff like that.
Ryan Morrow: And so since right now. I can do that.
Ryan Morrow: I'm just, I'm
Ryan Morrow: staying home and and watching movies and being safe.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right up a very relevant point have that structure that structure is taken away from you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It is challenging of how you navigate that and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I will choose to just, you know, life is full of worries me just kind of let it be, um, there are skills. There are skills that can be learned when there is this. This is a lot, having
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: losing your job that you were very hopeful for doing a hobby that brought you a lot of the release through exercising and not having access to that so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm going to pull up. I just have like the scale that kind of helped me to get a better sense of where you are, as far as stress those
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Know, just be a visual aid to understand why sometimes talking, it's, it's a bit much. When you don't know what to discuss
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Ryan Morrow: I mean, honestly. Like right now I just have to be patient and wait for things to fall into place. I have to wait for all this front of virus stuff to blow over.
Ryan Morrow: I got away from my unemployment, I gotta wait for my stimulus check and I gotta wait for yeah the coronavirus stuff to blow over. So I can
Ryan Morrow: Get a job.
Ryan Morrow: So basically right now, just in a waiting period and and that's fine. Like I can deal with it. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Aside from everything that's been going on with the color bars are there any other stressors.
Know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So tell me on this scale. You see my screen. Right.
Ryan Morrow: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: On a scale of zero to 100 tell me
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What level of distress, you're at right now and that stress can be equivalent to worry frustration whatever emotion you want to tackle this.
Ryan Morrow: Is probably say like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: 3030 okay mild anxiety distress, no interference with functional
Ryan Morrow: No.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It was at 50. What would that look like for you.
Ryan Morrow: I mean,
Ryan Morrow: I don't know why.
Ryan Morrow: That's a very vague question.
Ryan Morrow: I guess my anxiety would be worse. And I'd have to
Ryan Morrow: Me. I don't know how to answer that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, think about a time when you were stressed and you are sorry what was going on for you.
Ryan Morrow: I was worried about how I was going to get out of this situation.
Ryan Morrow: I go into damage control and try to figure out how to fix it.
Ryan Morrow: And problem solving.
Ryan Morrow: I would say when I first got out of rehab.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Was about a month ago.
Ryan Morrow: Couple months ago.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So what skills are, what did you do to move back stresses will
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Be now currently to attorney.
Ryan Morrow: My wing got a job and I started going to the gym and
Ryan Morrow: I started
Ryan Morrow: Being a responsible, you know, normal living person.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This this current situation. Are there any concerns that the function or some normalcy that you've created new ships.
Ryan Morrow: Um, no, not really. I mean,
Ryan Morrow: I, I still do my house chores, um,
Ryan Morrow: I just have a lot more downtime.
And
I just
Ryan Morrow: Talked to people.
Ryan Morrow: I talked to girls. I ain't gonna lie I go on dates.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Date.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You're going on dates through the quarantine Ryan, making it happen.
Ryan Morrow: Public but
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Still there.
Ryan Morrow: Yeah, I'm here. Hang on.
Ryan Morrow: I got a phone call, come in.
Ryan Morrow: I mean, I still I still go on day. So girls.
Ryan Morrow: I'm not
Ryan Morrow: I'm not just gonna sit at home.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Were there.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Any dates that seem promising and his relationships. You want to explore further.
Ryan Morrow: I'm
Ryan Morrow: Probably not. Right now I just have different girls that I talked to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Other social supports looking
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To a few days ago.
Ryan Morrow: Yeah, I talked to my mom and I talked to my sisters through text and I have a lot of
Ryan Morrow: Girls that I'm friends with that support me
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: A happy time listening to music.
Ryan Morrow: Watch them listen to music.
Going to the gym.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There any
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Are you feeling any physiological symptoms like any distress in your body anywhere.
Ryan Morrow: Now,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How has this experience of heart health and different from the last time you were interviewed
Ryan Morrow: Um, I think I've taken more seriously.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How's it been with the treatment plan just so I can do the update on have you been listening group consistently.
Ryan Morrow: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you got to prove every week. Right.
Ryan Morrow: Yes.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay. Um, when we initially MET YOU SAID YOU WANT TO FIX family relationships. What has that been like for you.
Ryan Morrow: It's been really good.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What has been progressing for you which family relationships.
Ryan Morrow: The wall and my mom and sisters
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So what happened trust him like, because I believe you said initially was one of the car, trying to kind of that trust back from them. So what has that process been like
Ryan Morrow: Well, I mean, I haven't seen him since I've
Ryan Morrow: Got on the rehab and I don't plan on going back home anytime soon.
Ryan Morrow: So, I mean, I just have over the phone, text relationship with them for now.
Ryan Morrow: Which is good. They don't really want me to come back to close for a while.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: SAID YOU WANT TO SAY NO TO DRUGS.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, I'm just really you're cool. So how long have you been sober.
Ryan Morrow: About two and a half months.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In this process, have you identified Amy emotional relationship or event triggers.
Ryan Morrow: Know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And you're healthy coping coping skills he said was therapy and your structure not assigned not therapy, your structure being going to the gym or into work and listening to music right
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, the people you can call if you are having those triggers coming up.
Ryan Morrow: My mom, my sister.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The person you live with.
Ryan Morrow: Now, not so much. That's, that's, they're not close to me like that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: short term and long term goals that you want to add to your treatment plan.
Ryan Morrow: Are there any short term, long term goals that what
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: He would like to add to your treatment plan.
Ryan Morrow: I mean, eventually get off of the Suboxone yeah
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You want to take from schedule.
Ryan Morrow: No, I haven't been on it for for long enough.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, he discussed with you when he was starting to take from scratch you
Ryan Morrow: Know he hasn't because I haven't. I mean, it's only been like a month.
Ryan Morrow: Or so and so.
Ryan Morrow: I don't think it's it's time to have that conversation yet.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Do you feel comfortable in the relationship element that when you feel that you're ready to initiate that discussion.
Ryan Morrow: Yeah.
Ryan Morrow: Yeah, I do. I really liked him.
OK.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I will let Dr. Allen know that you showed up for the session.
Ryan Morrow: All right, thank you so much, Jessica.
Ryan Morrow: Thank you, I, I'm sorry that
Ryan Morrow: I mean, I'm not
Ryan Morrow: I'm trying to be as open as possible and as honest as possible, but with everything that's going on. I don't really know what else you know
Ryan Morrow: Live life isn't really happening right now. So everything is on kind of standby.
Ryan Morrow: So there's only so much you know to talk about
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, well, um, when we present for session I'm have something to talk about just the that it's it's beneficial.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: For the session. Um, I if Dr element has concerns. I'll reach out to him to find out exactly what those concerns are. So it gives some type of grounding and context for the individual sessions.
Ryan Morrow: Okay, I'll schedule another appointment with you for next Tuesday.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Check my schedule.
Ryan Morrow: Or whenever you're free.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: TUESDAY THE 17th know TUESDAY THE 21st at four o'clock works for you.
Ryan Morrow: TUESDAY THE 21ST it for. What time is that mountain
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, that's your well I go find new mexico time so yeah
Ryan Morrow: Yeah, yeah. The same time, right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, the same time.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That works today. Uh huh.
Ryan Morrow: Okay, yeah, that's fine.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, see you, man.
Ryan Morrow: All right. Thank you, Jessica. Have a good day.
Ryan Morrow: All right. Thank you. Bye bye.